What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, git creates a .git directory, and lets you know that
the repository is empty. You need to initialize the repository so git is set up to track files
that you later add to it.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area isn't a storage place; it's a place to organize material to be committed. The value is
that it provides a space to organize your commit, including which files are to be included, and allows
you to easily change your mind about what to commit, so you can add/remove files without needing to 
directly affect the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can compare contents of staging area to working directory, to confirm that what you're about
to commit is one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches help keep history organized when experimenting with new features or functionality. Branches allow 
exploration of options, while easily preservering the master branch. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams make it easy to tell what is reachable, and where each branch joins each other branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches is that all commits in both branches become part of the merged branch, interleaved 
by time of commit. We represent them in the diagram so it's clear all prior commits are reachable from the merged
commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging saves time where there isn't any confusion about whether particular changes
can be merged. The con is that Git could be wrong, though this appears unlikely because it
generally asks for manual correction if there's any chance of confusion.

